feat(content): Adding some hails and news entries that provide hints about TMBR's mission requirements (#7963)
endless-sky/endless-sky: data/human/hails.txt

		", a pretty insignificant company located on just one planet."
		", but next time, I'll buy from the Syndicate again."

phrase "friendly civilian"
	word

> 		"I heard that "
> 		"I read a rumor that "
> 		"I found out that "
> 	word
> 		"if you have "
> 	word
> 		"8 free bunks, "
> 		"eight free bunks, "
> 		"space for at least eight passengers, "
> 	word
> 		"you can pick up some musical celebrities."
> 		"you can give a lift to some bands."
> 		"sometimes you'll be asked to help transport rock stars."

Reviewer: ```suggestion
		"I heard"
		"I read a rumor"
		"I found out"
		"I've learned"
	word
		" that if you have "
	word
		"at least ten spare bunks"
		"space for at least ten passengers"
		"at least 50 spare tons of cargo space"
		"enough space for 50 tons of cargo"
	word
		" "
	word
		"then you'll be ready for anything life throws at you"
		"then there isn't an odd job from the spaceport that you won't be able to do"
		"then you might get lucky and have just enough room to help out some celebrities"
	word
		"."
```

		", a pretty insignificant company located on just one planet."
		", but next time, I'll buy from the Syndicate again."

phrase "friendly civilian"
	word
		"I heard that "
		"I read a rumor that "
		"I found out that "
	word
		"if you have "

> 		"you need to have "

Reviewer 2: This option ends up being a run on sentence. Fix would be to add conjunctions at the start of the last phrase, but that would mess up the other option at this level. So unless there's a way to arrange that with substitutions, I'm thinking these two just aren't compatible here.

Author: The option has been removed.
